Resolve documentation build errors (#2915)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2915.doc.rst

> Fix references to the ``astropy.units.equivalencies`` module in the docs. Astropy now considers
> this file to be private API, and wants its contents imported through the ``units`` module namespace,
> which breaks our intersphinx links. This PR changes those links to a direct URL to the page in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed references to the ``astropy.units.equivalencies`` module in the docs. Astropy now considers
this file to be private API, and wants its contents imported through the ``units`` module namespace,
which broke PlasmaPy's intersphinx links. This PR changes those links to a direct URL to the page in the
```
